com/example/marketapp/dto/RegisterFormDTO.java
 com.example.marketapp.dto.RegisterFormDTO
com/example/marketapp/RegistrationActivity.java
 com.example.marketapp.RegistrationActivity
 com.example.marketapp.RegistrationActivity$1
 com.example.marketapp.RegistrationActivity$1$1
com/example/marketapp/HomeActivity.java
 com.example.marketapp.HomeActivity
 com.example.marketapp.HomeActivity$1
 com.example.marketapp.HomeActivity$2
 com.example.marketapp.HomeActivity$3
com/example/marketapp/dto/RegisterResponseDTO.java
 com.example.marketapp.dto.RegisterResponseDTO
com/example/marketapp/CartItemsActivity.java
 com.example.marketapp.CartItemsActivity
com/example/marketapp/LoginActivity.java
 com.example.marketapp.LoginActivity
 com.example.marketapp.LoginActivity$1
com/example/marketapp/model/APICalls.java
 com.example.marketapp.model.APICalls
 com.example.marketapp.model.APICalls$GetAllCarts
 com.example.marketapp.model.APICalls$GetProducts
 com.example.marketapp.model.APICalls$GetVouchers
com/example/marketapp/ProductListAdapter.java
 com.example.marketapp.ProductListAdapter
 com.example.marketapp.ProductListAdapter$1
 com.example.marketapp.ProductListAdapter$ViewHolder
com/example/marketapp/ScanProductCodeActivity.java
 com.example.marketapp.ScanProductCodeActivity
 com.example.marketapp.ScanProductCodeActivity$1
 com.example.marketapp.ScanProductCodeActivity$1$1
 com.example.marketapp.ScanProductCodeActivity$2
com/example/marketapp/ProductDetailActivity.java
 com.example.marketapp.ProductDetailActivity
 com.example.marketapp.ProductDetailActivity$1
com/example/marketapp/model/ShoppingCart.java
 com.example.marketapp.model.ShoppingCart
com/example/marketapp/model/Product.java
 com.example.marketapp.model.Product
com/example/marketapp/BuildConfig.java
 com.example.marketapp.BuildConfig
com/example/marketapp/repository/SettingsRepository.java
 com.example.marketapp.repository.SettingsRepository
com/example/marketapp/model/Transaction.java
 com.example.marketapp.model.Transaction
com/example/marketapp/ShoppingCartActivity.java
 com.example.marketapp.ShoppingCartActivity
 com.example.marketapp.ShoppingCartActivity$1
 com.example.marketapp.ShoppingCartActivity$2
 com.example.marketapp.ShoppingCartActivity$3
com/example/marketapp/Constants.java
 com.example.marketapp.Constants
com/example/marketapp/dto/RegisterRequestDTO.java
 com.example.marketapp.dto.RegisterRequestDTO
com/example/marketapp/service/BackendService.java
 com.example.marketapp.service.BackendService
com/example/marketapp/service/KeyService.java
 com.example.marketapp.service.KeyService
com/example/marketapp/QRCodeCartActivity.java
 com.example.marketapp.QRCodeCartActivity
 com.example.marketapp.QRCodeCartActivity$1
 com.example.marketapp.QRCodeCartActivity$convertToQR
com/example/marketapp/PastTransactionsActivity.java
 com.example.marketapp.PastTransactionsActivity
 com.example.marketapp.PastTransactionsActivity$1
com/example/marketapp/model/Voucher.java
 com.example.marketapp.model.Voucher
com/example/marketapp/VoucherActivity.java
 com.example.marketapp.VoucherActivity
